# Lonely Planet File Uploader

This application handles uploading and parsing of files in the following proprietary format. It accounts for additional spaces and new lines. It has been deployed to Heroku at http://lonelyplanettest.herokuapp.com/.

[section name 1]
key: value
key2 : value

[section name 2]
key3: value that is too long for one line, so we wrap onto a second line
and continue by using any whitespace character in the first column.

## Purpose:

Get a gig with a cool company.

## Features:
<ol>
<li> User can upload text file</li>
<li> User can view upload</li>
<li> User can view all uploads</li>
</ol>

##To Do:

<ol>
<li> Add testing</li>
<li> Set values of sections, keys, and values</li>
<li> Save file to disk</li>
<li> Error handling</li>
<li> Style</li>
</ol>

##Project Status:

As of March 6th, 2014, this project successfully uploads a text file and parses it.

##Author:

Akshay 'Shay' Narang

##License:

Copyright (c) 2014 Akshay 'Shay' Narang

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.
